Model/map to cdc output (#389)
covid-projections/covid-data-model: pyseir/cdc/metadata-CovidActNow_template.txt

team_name: $team_name
team_abbr: CAN

> institution_affil:

Author: I have no better idea, so I will adopt your suggestion : ), thanks.

team_funding: ~
team_experience: Mathematical modeling of covid transmission at state/county level and UI report since Apr. 2020.

model_name: $model_name
model_abbr: SEIR_CAN
model_output: https://covidactnow.org/
model_repo: https://github.com/covid-projections/covid-data-model

model_contributors: Eric Carlson <eric.carlson@grandrounds.com> Max Henderson <max@maxhenderson.com>
Chris Kelly <ghop02@gmail.com> Igor Kofman <kofman@gmail.com> Xinyu Zhang <xinyu.zhang@grandrounds.com>

Model_targets: $Model_targets

Target_loc: some states
time_horizon: ~
Data_format: all requested quantiles
forecast_startdate: $forecast_startdate
forecast_frequency: weekly

data_inputs_known: expert elicitation and literature review
data_source_known: JHU

> this_model_is_an_ensemble: FALSE

Author: This is more like models using parameter ensemble, it appears to me model ensemble should be the latter one you mentioned.

this_model_is_unconditional: TRUE

methods: >-

>     Forecast based on experts opinion in public health and epidemiology of infectious disease, thorough literature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Forecast based on expert opinions in public health and epidemiology of infectious disease, thorough literature
```

>     review and daily feed data in cases, deaths and hostpitalizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    review and daily feed data in cases, deaths, and hostpitalizations.
```

methods_long: >-

>     The SEIR Model makes forecast of $Model_target_names by fitting prediction cases, deaths and hospitalizations to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The SEIR Model makes forecast of $Model_target_names by fitting predicted cases, deaths, and hospitalizations to
```

>     the observations. Quantiles of the forecast are derived by generate random parameter ensemble from the parameters'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the observations. Quantiles of the forecast are derived by generating a random parameter ensemble from the parameters'
```
